README.md, before:

# NOIR ATLAS - Personal Art Gallery 🎨

**NOIR ATLAS** is a personal art gallery featuring a curated collection of my original **AI artworks and illustrations**, refined into high-resolution wallpapers and atmospheric background plates, with selected works shared here freely for personal use alongside my stock-published designs.

Each release is crafted for crisp, balanced viewing across portrait and landscape screens - from mobile devices to ultra-wide monitors 🖥️📱

Built with Next.js, the experience focuses on cinematic presentation, editorial layout, and subtle motion to let the artwork take center stage ✨


## Preview 👀

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <strong>Desktop Experience</strong><br/>
      <img src="./largess.png" width="100%" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <strong>Mobile Experience</strong><br/>
      <img src="./mobilegif.gif" width="100%" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



## About the Collection 🖼️

Noir Atlas is a **personal arts archive**, not a stock marketplace.

It contains selected AI artworks and illustrations curated into premium-quality visual assets, shared freely with the community for **personal use only**.

### Categories
- **Wallpapers**
- **Backgrounds**

All assets are available in **full quality**, with no watermarks.



## Usage & License 📜

**Free downloads - personal use only.**

You may:
- Download and use artworks on personal devices 💻
- Share the original files with proper credit 🙌

You may **not**:
- Use artworks in commercial projects ❌
- Resell or redistribute as stock ❌
- Include assets in paid products or services ❌

For commercial inquiries, please contact the creator.



## Creator ✍️

**Danidu Muhandiram**  
Designer & Developer  

I contribute artworks to popular **stock platforms**, while publishing selected works here as free downloads for the community 🤍



## Tech Stack 🛠️

- **Next.js**
- **React**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Custom CSS animations**

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and detail
Updated the README to clarify the purpose and features of NOIR ATLAS, including details about artwork usage and licensing.

README.md, after:

# NOIR ATLAS - Personal Art Gallery 🎨

**NOIR ATLAS** is my personal online art gallery where I share a curated collection of original AI-generated artworks and illustrations.

Each artwork is refined into high-resolution wallpapers and atmospheric background designs. Some of my works are published on stock platforms, and selected pieces are shared here for free personal use.

Every release is designed to look clean and balanced on all screen sizes — from mobile phones to ultra-wide monitors 🖥️📱

The website is built with Next.js and focuses on a cinematic layout, smooth motion, and minimal design so the artwork remains the main focus ✨



## Preview 👀

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <strong>Desktop Experience</strong><br/>
      <img src="./largess.png" width="100%" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <strong>Mobile Experience</strong><br/>
      <img src="./mobilegif.gif" width="100%" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



## About the Collection 🖼️

Noir Atlas is a **personal art archive**, not a stock marketplace.

It features selected AI artworks carefully prepared as premium-quality visual assets. These are shared freely with the community for personal use.

### Categories

- Wallpapers  
- Backgrounds  

All downloads are provided in full quality with no watermarks.



## Usage & License 📜

**Free to download — for personal use only.**

### You may:

- Use the artworks on your personal devices 💻  
- Share the original files with proper credit 🙌  

### You may not:

- Use the artworks in commercial projects ❌  
- Resell or redistribute them as stock ❌  
- Include them in paid products or services ❌  

For commercial use, please contact me directly.



## Creator ✍️

**Danidu Muhandiram**  
Designer & Developer  

I publish designs on stock platforms and share selected artworks here as free downloads for the community 🤍



## Tech Stack 🛠️

- Next.js  
- React  
- TypeScript  
- Tailwind CSS  
- Custom CSS animations
